as well as the steps routes then remove
the metal step plate remove the cover to
access the screws that hold the front
trial shrouds to the treadle then remove
the shroud do this on both right and
left treadles remove the front guard
from the inside of the treadles level
the treadles be mindful of fingers while
doing this
the treadle there are screws to loosen
the tension on the walking belts
completely loosen the tensions on both
left and right treadles remove three of
the four bolts on the tail roller pillow
block leave one bolt in the pillow block
to secure the tail roller in place take
the tension off the idler pulley and
remove the drive belt set the drive belt
as shown this will prevent you from
forgetting to put it back on later
remove the outside upper link mounting
plate on both treadles remove the screw
from the pillow block on the side that
you will be removing the belt remove the
walking belt from the front of the
treadle first once that is out the
second person will lift the tail roller
so the belt can be slid out through the
rear
once the belt is removed put one bolt
back into the pillow block and remove
the other belt following the same steps
remove the screws holding the decks down
once all eight screws have been removed
pull the deck off
install decks
locate the arrow on the underside of the
walking belt this arrow indicates the
direction that the belt will rotate
install the walking belts make sure the
walking belts are installed between the
shafts and the treadle install the upper
link mount plates be sure the plate
mounts between the belt and the treadles
install and tension the dry belt make
sure all teeth of the dry belt are fully
engaged to the teeth of both pulleys
install and tighten the pillow block
bolts to tension the walking belts
locate the white marks on the walking
belts and line them up with the back of
the deck
now locate the other set of lines
towards the front of the deck you will
need to tighten the head roller screws
until these lines at the front match up
with the edge of the deck
start the walking belt at the minimum
speed watch the belts to make sure that
they are not tracking to one side or the
other
if the belts are tracking to one side or
the other you'll need to make an
adjustment on the head roller if the
walking belt is tracking to the left you
will tighten the left screw if the
walking belt is tracking to the right
you will tighten the right screw once
the belt appears to be tracking properly
increase the speed to be sure it is
staying in place before closing up the
treadclimber walk on the machine to make
sure everything is worth operating
properly install the front treadle
shrouds the center guard shrouds the
metal step plate and the rear shrouds
you